I'm headed to the moody air base in
georgia where a weapon was designed
with non-lethal effects but highly
effective
according to the builders it would discourage
attackers without killing them has arrived
the age of weapons is direct energy and me
I'm about to end up on the fire line
active from niall system is a weapon a
long-range non-lethal rays affects
the target with a beam of waves
millimeter energy that causes a
such discomfort that absolutely must
move independently of
target size
the results are always the same as the
feeling of heat on the skin and so
intense that as soon as he realizes he is
been hit must stop
any activity and move from
another part
also its range of action
extraordinary reaches 460 meters of
distance
we are light years away from the bombs
Molotov cocktails and banal pistols
bottle with active from niall system
you can hinder the enemy from dispersing
without the use of lethal weapons force
everything seems perfect but how they work
really these weapons apparently
harmless they really have the power of
neutralize a threat the only way
to know it and become theirs
target all those who have
worked on this project are over
in this area and now it's my turn
I hope I don't run away like a girl
but in any case I would not be the first the ds
has a crew of two men use the
cameras to catch the target
in this case they are framing me
have framed shoots 5 4 4 2 1
it's amazing I didn't hear anything not
I saw nothing came from nothing is
shocking seems a very ugly
sunburn feels very hot
extremely hot it actually is
feels under the skin feels
burn inside intensely begins
slowly step by step
then it progressively increases again
skin pinches slightly but I feel that
is penetrating is Colonel John
techniques and the commanding officer of the
air force security forces
Arab among all those who have been
affected by the ds if the watermelon that if
it fared better this is sure the g
see and hit me with that ray
at that point you undoubtedly get mine
attention I take off the neeskens
lets you reach and touch
anyone and as soon as the target is
move does not undergo other effects then
how it works the ds emits a beam of
energy at the speed of light
when the man reaches the effect on
skin is limited to the depth of 0.39
mm ie the thickness of 3 sheets of paper
after a few seconds the target warns
an intense sensation of heat the
burning only ends when the
transmitter turns off
or when the target moves away from the
energy beam
there is a lot of water in our body or
better our body is composed
mainly water and energy
interacts with water molecules
making them vibrate and heating it
canon the vibrations activate the
nerve endings that they send to
message to the brain asking to do
something to stop the heat then
instinctively we feel the need to
move the ds takes advantage of the waves
millimeter high frequency not le
microwave avoiding the risk of
serious injury to the computer system
board is designed to shut down
before any overexposure
millimeter waves are no longer one
novelties are used in
communications also in certain systems
radar
innovation lies in exploiting
energy directed at 95 g.gershwin hands
falck courses
there is the risk of risk of injury
injuries and less than one tenth of one per
one hundred and the injuries reported are not
other than the chic and healing from
sun without medical attention
marco do something about it tell me about
eyes and the blink of an eye acts as
protection considering that they are fighting
eyes in a quarter of a second
furthermore the system is designed for
avoid transmitting too much energy
to the eyes while one is closing them e
mattek sands is a tall mechanism
protective and very very effective
in fact, to suffer serious injuries it is necessary
remain under the effect of the beam for
a long time and a great many
volunteers exposed so far no one has
lasted more than a few seconds
believe me you feel the need to
escape from the sensation of heat
therefore the ds triggers a non-yes reaction
can do without moving but at the level
of precision when it must be contained
a mass you have to be able to hit the head
of the bad guys
and if the crowds are present
terrorists who use people like
human shields
you need to be able to hit them
without hurting the unarmed passers-by with the
ds say that this is possible therefore
I just have to break the delay e
check
now channel we will show as two
people who are next to her do not
they will be hit by the beam and move
she only 1 b tomorrow that we
allows from that distance that in
effects is not a short test to identify
the eventual ill-intentioned and aget
heads of rioters instigators imagine
of having to be what they put themselves
in the center
Here they do claim they can
locate and identify the leader and in
this case I believe to be me
the incriminated diagnostic operator at
target framed dear
certainly I was the only one to be
hit it
I would never want the colonel
lose a similar experience must
share it with me cesa sono un
selfless I like to give help to people
it didn't seem right to get everything
for me thanks it was very kind
Sometimes I confess that I was hit 11
times with this sense how it feels
so thank you for reminding me and
choose the first rows as you suffer one
instantaneous and very painful burn
pal singh
in my career I attended
many complaints and muhidin too
in 99 percent of the cases they had
reason to exist something but there is
always a percentage of violent
at this point it's the forces that risk it
of the order and the innocents
the dsc will help prevent this
happen